Xu Shao and I are really just friends
Why
I'm sorry I think you're dirty
You really think your worn-out shoes are worth a lot of money.
Mr. Lin, don't be shameless.
Didn't you just report a rich woman?
Find a rich woman
That's right
If you weren't greedy for fame and fortune,
Brother, how do you have so much money?
Wang Shiyu We have broken up
Where do I get the money from?
How much money you have has nothing to do with you
stop
If something breaks, there is a wear and tear fee.
You talked to Shiyu for so long.
You have to pay some breakup fee.
Yes, you can break up with me.
I want 500,000 yuan as a breakup fee
Why why?
You are a toad, but you want to eat swan meat
You wasted three years of my youth.
500,000 for three years
You are so shameless
No obligation to ask for money
As expected, the money the rich woman gave you has been spent.
Buy a bag for the female anchor in the morning
I became a poor guy in the afternoon.
Ahahahahaha
You know so much
It's not you who is hanging out with a rich woman.
Wang Shiyu I have plenty of money
But I just don't want to make you angry.
Okay, you said you have money.
Today, I will slap your face.
The Li Fei you licked today
Live PK
Hello everyone
If you lose, the consequences will be serious.